README.md, before:

# Capstone Project HTML and CSS

This project is the capstone project of Microverse curriculum HTML and CSS3 section.
The website is about the national robotic competion, a place where passionate peaple meet, learn and compete with each other. The website contain 3 pages, main page where I introduced the competition, the about page where I presented the competition and some previous sessions, finaly the tickets page to reserve your place, all the pages are responsive (break point 768px) and the design is inspired from [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/adagio07).

## Video presentation

[![Video](images/readme-images/9.png)](https://www.loom.com/share/e8aadaa923e54454961c52ea047bcf75)

## Desktop views
- main page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/1.png) ![screenshot](images/readme-images/2.png)
- about page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/3.png)
- tickets page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/4.png) ![screenshot](images/readme-images/5.png)

## Mobile views
- main page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/6.png)
- about page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/7.png)
- tickets page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/8.png)


## Built With

- HTML,
- CSS,
- Flexbox layout.
- Grid layout.
- Bootstrap.

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://rawcdn.githack.com/HADDADSOHAIB/HTML-capstone-project/990d5ba77a96da52445048c295d1034d4e7ccd84/index.html)

## Authors

👤 **HADDAD SOHAIB**

- Github: [@HADDADSOHAIB](https://github.com/HADDADSOHAIB)
- Twitter: [@HaddadSohaib](https://twitter.com/HaddadSohaib)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sohaibhaddad/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- https://www.microverse.org/.
- The website designed by [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/adagio07)
- https://pixabay.com/

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.

Commit message:

fix review issues: improve readme file

README.md, after:

# Capstone Project HTML and CSS

This project is the capstone project of Microverse curriculum HTML and CSS3 section.
The website is about the national robotic competion, a place where passionate peaple meet, learn and compete with each other. The website contain 3 pages, main page where I introduced the competition, the about page where I presented the competition and some previous sessions, finaly the tickets page to reserve your place, all the pages are responsive (break point 768px) and the design is inspired from [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/adagio07).

## Built With

- HTML,
- CSS,
- Flexbox layout.
- Grid layout.
- Bootstrap.

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://rawcdn.githack.com/HADDADSOHAIB/HTML-capstone-project/990d5ba77a96da52445048c295d1034d4e7ccd84/index.html)

## Video presentation

[![Video](images/readme-images/9.png)](https://www.loom.com/share/e8aadaa923e54454961c52ea047bcf75)

## Desktop views
- main page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/1.png) ![screenshot](images/readme-images/2.png)
- about page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/3.png)
- tickets page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/4.png) ![screenshot](images/readme-images/5.png)

## Mobile views
- main page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/6.png)
- about page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/7.png)
- tickets page
![screenshot](images/readme-images/8.png)


## Authors

👤 **HADDAD SOHAIB**

- Github: [@HADDADSOHAIB](https://github.com/HADDADSOHAIB)
- Twitter: [@HaddadSohaib](https://twitter.com/HaddadSohaib)
- Linkedin: [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sohaibhaddad/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome! Start by:

* Forking the project
* Cloning the project to your local machine
* `cd` into the project directory
* Run `git checkout -b your-branch-name`
* Make your contributions
* Push your branch up to your forked repository
* Open a Pull Request with a detailed description to the development branch of the original project for a review

Or feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- https://www.microverse.org/.
- The website designed by [Cindy Shin in Behance](https://www.behance.net/adagio07)
- https://pixabay.com/

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
